Split odata versions java (#400)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/features/odata/type-safe-client-odata-v2.md

## Build and execute OData Requests with the typed OData client

The typed OData v2 client allows to build type-safe OData v2 requests for a given service. The Java classes represent the _data model_ and the available _operations_ of the service. As a consequence all requests that are build through the typed OData v2 client are not only _syntactically valid_ but also _semantically valid_.

## Versions of OData v2 client

The SDK has two versions of type-safe OData v2 client.

### A stable client version

- Stable and well tested

> - Based on 3rd party dependencies that slows down release of advanced features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Based on 3rd party dependencies, which slows down release of advanced features
```

- Doesn't share a code base with OData v4 client
- Has good performance, but not optimized for optimal metadata handling

### Improved but still experimental client version

- Currently released as `Beta`, meaning the API might see breaking changes

> - High perform thanks to optimized handling of metadata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- High performance thanks to optimized handling of metadata (fewer network requests)
```

- Developed fully _In house_ and shares code with OData v4 client
- Allows for faster feature development and bug fixes
- Has standard and advanced APIs for typed and untyped client
- More and better implemented features
- Better implementation of BATCH requests (currently in development and not yet available)

### Which one to chose?

For production environment we still recommend a **stable client**, for testing and development you can leverage both clients.

> To test improved client, please, follow simple steps in the [migration guide](#switch-to-improved-odata-vdm-beta)

Reviewer: Add a sentence "Toggle between the client versions using the tabs..."
